Stella Artois : Stella Artois is a 5% ABV lager originating from Leuven, Belgium.
Harpoon : A harpoon is a long spear-like instrument used in fishing to catch fish or large marine mammals such as whales. 
Bacardi rum : Bacardi is a family-controlled spirits company, best known as a producer of rums, including Bacardi Superior and Bacardi 151.
Wrench : A wrench or spanner is a tool used to provide grip and mechanical advantage in applying torque to turn objects—usually rotary fasteners, such as nuts and bolts—or keep them from turning. 
Calvin and Hobbes : Calvin and Hobbes is  a syndicated daily comic strip that was written and illustrated by American cartoonist Bill Watterson, and syndicated from November 18, 1985, to December 31, 1995.
Man versus wild : Man vs. Wild, also called Born Survivor: Bear Grylls,Ultimate Survival, or Survival Game, is a survival television series hosted by Bear Grylls on the Discovery Channel.
Lee cooper : Lee Cooper Brands is a British clothing company, operating worldwide, that licenses the sale of many Lee Cooper-branded items, including denim jeans.
Sushi : is a food of Japanese origin consisting of cooked vinegared rice combined with other ingredients . 
Helicopter : A helicopter is a type of rotorcraft in which lift and thrust are supplied by one or more engine driven rotors. 
Gmc : GMC is a manufacturer of trucks, vans, military vehicles, and SUVs marketed in North America by General Motors Company. 
Berlin : Berlin is the capital city of Germany and is one of the 16 states of Germany. 
Frankfurt : Frankfurt am Main, commonly known simply as Frankfurt, is the largest city in the German state of Hessen and the fifth-largest city in Germany, with a 2009 population of 672,000. 
Macedonia : Macedonia, officially the Republic of Macedonia, is a country located in the central Balkan peninsula in Southeast Europe. 
Newton Boston : Newton is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States bordered to the east by Boston. 
The police : The Police were an English rock band formed in London in 1977. 
The cure : The Cure are an English rock band formed in Crawley, West Sussex in 1976. 
Polar ice caps : A polar ice cap is a high latitude region of a planet or natural satellite that is covered in ice.
Multiple sclerosis : Multiple sclerosis is an inflammatory disease in which the fatty myelin sheaths around the axons of the brain and spinal cord are damaged, leading to demyelination and scarring as well as a broad spectrum of signs and symptoms.
MacBook air : The MacBook Air family is a line of Apple ultraportable Macintosh notebook computers.
Netbook : Netbooks  are a category of small, lightweight, legacy-free, and inexpensive laptop computers.
Chemical vapor deposition : Chemical vapor deposition is a chemical process used to produce high-purity, high-performance solid materials.
special theory of relativity : Special relativity is the physical theory of measurement in inertial frames of reference proposed in 1905 by Albert Einstein in the paper \On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies\.
Landau levels : Landau quantization in quantum mechanics is the quantization of the cyclotron orbits of charged particles in magnetic fields.
Oil rig : An offshore platform, also referred to as an oil platform or oil rig is a lаrge structure with facilities to drill wells and extract and process oil and natural gas and export the products to offshore. 
Verizon : Verizon Communications is a global broadband and telecommunications company and a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. 
Invade : An invasion is a military offensive consisting of all, or large parts of the armed forces of one geopolitical entity aggressively entering territory controlled by another such entity, generally with the objective of either conquering, liberating or re-establishing control or authority over a territory, forcing the partition of a country, altering the established government or gaining concessions from said government, or a combination thereof. 
Dead sea : The Dead Sea, also called the Salt Sea, is a salt lake bordering Jordan to the east and Israel and the West Bank to the west.
Salinity : Salinity is the saltiness or dissolved salt content of a body of water. 
Chlorine : Chlorine is the chemical element with atomic number 17 and symbol Cl.
Poland : Poland, officially the Republic of Poland, is a country in Central Europe bordered by Germany to the west; the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the south; Ukraine, Belarus and Lithuania to the east; and the Baltic Sea and Kaliningrad Oblast, a Russian exclave, to the north. 
Russian doll : A matryoshka doll, or babushka doll is a Russian nesting doll  which is a set of wooden dolls of increasing size placed one inside the other.
Gestapo : The Gestapo  was the official secret police of Nazi Germany.
Boron nitrite : Boron nitride is a chemical compound with chemical formula BN, consisting of equal numbers of boron and nitrogen atoms. 
Loki : In Norse mythology, Loki is a god or jötunn . 
Unix : Unix is a multitasking, multi-user computer operating system originally developed in 1969 by a group of AT&T employees at Bell Labs, including Ken Thompson, Dennis Ritchie, Brian Kernighan, Douglas McIlroy, and Joe Ossanna.
Richard stallman : Richard Matthew Stallman, often shortened to rms, is an American software freedom activist and computer programmer.
Stamina : Query is too ambiguous! I will bring up a Google Search!
The jacket : The Jacket is a 2005 psychological thriller film directed by John Maybury that is partly based on the Jack London novel of the same name, released in the US as The Star Rover. 
mango : The mango is a fleshy stone fruit belonging to the genus Mangifera, consisting of numerous species of tropical fruiting trees in the flowering plant family Anacardiaceae. 
Orangatan : Orangutans are the only exclusively Asian genus of extant great ape. 
neophyte : A neophyte is a beginner. 
enumeration : In mathematics and theoretical computer science, the broadest and most abstract definition of an enumeration of a set is an exact listing of all of its elements.
neptune : Neptune is the eighth and farthest planet from the Sun in the Solar System. 
ent : Ents are a race of beings in  Tolkien's fantasy world Middle-earth who closely resemble trees. 
Traversal : In computer science, tree-traversal refers to the process of visiting  each node in a tree data structure, exactly once, in a systematic way.
linguini : Linguine is a form of pasta — flat like fettuccine and trenette. 
igloo : An igloo or snowhouse is a type of shelter built out of snow, originally built by the Inuit. 
obstetrician : Obstetrics is the medical specialty dealing with the care of all women's reproductive tracts and their children during pregnancy, childbirth and the postnatal period. 
negotiation : Negotiation is a dialogue between two or more people or parties, intended to reach an understanding, resolve point of difference, or gain advantage in outcome of dialogue, to produce an agreement upon courses of action, to bargain for individual or collective advantage, to craft outcomes to satisfy various interests of two person/ parties involved in negotiation process. 
nefertiti :  : :Nefertiti was the Great Royal Wife of the Egyptian Pharaoh Akhenaten. 
interview : An interview is a conversation between two people where questions are asked by the interviewer to obtain information from the interviewee. 
wyoming : Wyoming is a state in the Mountain region of the Western United States. 
gargantuous : The War of the Gargantuas, released in Japan as, is a 1966 daikaiju eiga, and a semisequel to Frankenstein versus Baragon. 
sony  : Sony Corporation, commonly referred to as Sony, is a Japanese multinational conglomerate corporation headquartered in Minato, Tokyo, Japan and the world's fifth largest media conglomerate with US$77.20 billion.
yodel : Yodeling is a form of singing that involves singing an extended note which rapidly and repeatedly changes in pitch from the vocal or chest register to the falsetto/head register; making a high-low-high-low sound.
limousine :   A limousine is a luxury vehicle sedan or saloon car, especially one with a lengthened wheelbase or driven by a chauffeur.
enigma : An enigma is a type of riddle generally expressed in radical or allegorical language that requires ingenuity and careful thinking for its solution. 
angelina jolie : Angelina Jolie is an American actress.
everest : Mount Everest is the world's highest mountain at above sea level. 
transformers : It began with the Hasbro Transformers toy line, centered on two factions of warring alien robots which are called the Autobots and the Decepticons. 
sandra bullock : Sandra Annette Bullock is an American actress and producer who rose to fame in the 1990s, after roles in successful films such as Speed and While You Were Sleeping.
kilimanjaro : Kilimanjaro, with its three volcanic cones, Kibo, Mawenzi, and Shira, is an inactive stratovolcano in north-eastern Tanzania and the highest mountain in Africa at above sea level . 
oliver cromwell : Oliver Cromwell was an English military and political leader who overthrew the English monarchy and temporarily turned England into a republican Commonwealth, and ruled as Lord Protector of England, Scotland and Ireland. 
lockerbie bomber : Abdelbaset Mohmed Ali al-Megrahi is a Libyan citizen, alleged former intelligence officer, former head of security for Libyan Arab Airlines and former director of the Centre for Strategic Studies in Tripoli, the capital of Libya. 
rain forest : Rainforests are forests characterized by high rainfall, with definitions based on a minimum normal annual rainfall of 1750-2000 mm.
teriaki brothers : A hamburger consists of a cooked ground meat patty, usually beef, placed in a sliced bun or between pieces of bread or toast. 
sandstorm : "Sandstorm" is a song by Finnish trance producer and DJ Darude. 
monty python : Monty Python  was a British surreal comedy group that created the influential Monty Python's Flying Circus, a British television comedy sketch show that first aired on the BBC on 5 October 1969.
nomadic : Nomadic people, commonly known as itinerants in modern-day contexts, are communities of people  who move from one place to another, rather than settling permanently in one location.
concubine : Concubinage is the state of a woman or man in an ongoing, usually matrimonially oriented, relationship with somebody to whom they cannot be married, often because of a difference in social status. 
evangelical : Evangelicalism is a Protestant Christian movement which began in Great Britain in the 1730s and gained popularity in the United States during the series of Great Awakenings of the 18th and 19th century.
lip sync : Lip sync, lip-sync, lip-synch (short for lip synchronization, is a technical term for matching lip movements with sung or spoken vocals.
charlemagne : Charlemagne was King of the Franks from 768 and Emperor of the Romans from 800 to his death in 814. 
extraterrestial : Extraterrestrial life and‎ ) is defined as life that does not originate from Earth. 
longitude : Longitude is a geographic coordinate that specifies the east-west position of a point on the Earth's surface.
edinburgh : Edinburgh is the capital city of Scotland, the second largest city in Scotland and the seventh-most populous in the United Kingdom. 
hansel and gretel : "Hansel and Gretel" is a well-known fairy tale of German origin, recorded by the Brothers Grimm and published in 1812. 
leviathan : Leviathan, is a sea monster referred to in the Bible. 
nordstrom : Nordstrom, is an upscale department store chain in the United States, founded by John Nordstrom and Carl Wallin. 
1,000,000 dollar man : "If I Had $1000000" is a song by the Canadian musical group Barenaked Ladies from their album Gordon. 
nanny diaries : The Nanny Diaries is a 2002 novel by Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus, both of whom are former nannies.
samsonite : The Samsonite Corporation makes luggage with its products ranging from large suitcases to small toiletries bags and briefcases.
elephant : Elephants are large land mammals in two genera of the family Elephantidae: Elephas and Loxodonta. 
the strokes : The Strokes are an American rock band formed in 1998 in New York City.
saint valentine : Saint Valentine is the name of several martyred saints of ancient Rome.
eragon : Eragon is the first book in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini, who began writing the book at the age of 15. 
niagara falls : The Niagara Falls are the most powerful waterfalls in North America. 
6 flags : Six Flags Entertainment Corp. is the world's largest amusement park corporation based on quantity of properties and the 4th most popular in terms of attendance.
surf : Query is too ambiguous! I will bring up a Google Search!
frankincense : Frankincense, also called olibanum, is an aromatic resin obtained from trees of the genus Boswellia, particularly Boswellia sacra, B. frereana, and B. bhaw-dajiana.
feng shui : Feng shui is an ancient Chinese system of aesthetics believed to use the laws of both Heaven and Earth to help one improve life by receiving positive qi. 
inuit : The Inuit are a group of culturally similar indigenous peoples inhabiting the Arctic regions of Canada, Denmark, Russia and the United States . 
abstinence : Abstinence is a voluntary restraint from indulging in bodily activities that are widely experienced as giving pleasure. 
transilvania : Transylvania is a historical region in the central part of Romania. 
european union : The European Union is an economic and political union of 27 member states which are located primarily in Europe.
northern lights : I'm stumped! But lets see what Google says!
stephen hawkings : Stephen William Hawking, CH, CBE, FRS, FRSA  is an English theoretical physicist and cosmologist, whose scientific books and public appearances have made him an academic celebrity.
sicily : Sicily is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea, comprising an autonomous region of Italy. 
lil wayne : Dwayne Michael Carter, Jr., better-known by his stage name Lil Wayne, is an American rapper.
adolf hitler : Adolf Hitler was an Austrian-born German politician and the leader of the National Socialist German Workers Party.
scrubs : Scrubs is an American television series created in 2001 by Bill Lawrence and produced by ABC Studios. 
rihanna : Robyn Rihanna Fenty, better known as simply Rihanna, is an R&B recording artist.
united kingdom : The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern IrelandIn the United Kingdom and Dependencies, other languages have been officially recognised as legitimate autochthonous  languages under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages. 
heroes tv show : Heroes is an American science fiction television drama series created by Tim Kring that appeared on NBC for four seasons from September 25, 2006 through February 8, 2010.
lady gaga : Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, better known by her stage name Lady Gaga, is an American pop singer-songwriter.
star trek : Star Trek is an American science fiction entertainment franchise created by Gene Roddenberry. 
swine flu : Swine influenza, also called pig influenza, swine flu, hog flu and pig flu, is an infection by any one of several types of swine influenza virus.
megan fox : Megan Denise Fox  is an American actress and model.
windows 7 : Windows 7 is the latest release of Microsoft Windows, a series of operating systems produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers, including home and business desktops, laptops, netbooks, tablet PCs, and media center PCs. Windows 7 was released to manufacturing on July 22, 2009, and reached general retail availability on October 22, 2009, less than three years after the release of its predecessor, Windows Vista.
dell : Dell, is an American multinational information technology corporation based in Round Rock, Texas, United States, that develops, sells and supports computers and related products and services. 
japan : Japan is an island nation in East Asia. 
The beattles : The Beatles were an English rock band, formed in Liverpool in 1960. 
the dark knight : The Dark Knight is a 2008 superhero action film directed and co-written by Christopher Nolan. 
internet : The Internet is a global system of interconnected computer networks that use the standard Internet Protocol Suite to serve billions of users worldwide. 
twitter : Twitter is a website, owned and operated by Twitter Inc., which offers a social networking and microblogging service, enabling its users to send and read messages called tweets.
iphone : The iPhone is a line of Internet- and multimedia-enabled smartphones designed and marketed by Apple  The first iPhone was unveiled by Apple CEO Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007, and released on June 29, 2007. 
android : Android is a software stack for mobile devices that includes an operating system, middleware and key applications. 
grand theft auto four : Grand Theft Auto IV is a 2008 sandbox-style action-adventure video game published by Rockstar Games, and developed by Rockstar North, which has been released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 video game consoles, and for the Windows operating system.
microsoft : Microsoft Corporation is an American public multinational corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington, USA that develops, manufactures, licenses, and supports a wide range of products and services predominantly related to computing through its various product divisions.
friv : I'm stumped! But lets see what Google says!
gamezer : I'm stumped! But lets see what Google says!
chatroulette : Chatroulette is a website that pairs random strangers from around the world together for webcam-based conversations.
ipad : The iPad is a line of tablet computers designed, developed and marketed by Apple  primarily as a platform for audio-visual media including books, periodicals, movies, music, games, and web content. 
world cup : A '''World Cup''' is a type of sporting competition. 
circuit city : Query is too ambiguous! I will bring up a Google Search!
new moon : In astronomical terminology, the new moon is the lunar phase that occurs when the Moon, in its monthly orbital motion around Earth, lies between Earth and the Sun, and is therefore in conjunction with the Sun as seen from Earth. 
wamu : WAMU is a public radio station that services the greater Washington,  metropolitan area. 
duracell mygrid : Duracell is a brand of batteries manufactured by Procter & Gamble. 
htc evo 4g : The HTC Evo 4G is a smartphone developed by HTC Corporation and marketed as Sprint's flagship Android smartphone, running on its WiMAX network.
mourinho : José Mário dos Santos Félix Mourinho is a Portuguese football manager and the current manager of Real Madrid.
aspergers : Asperger syndrome or Asperger's syndrome or Asperger disorder is an autism spectrum disorder that is characterized by significant difficulties in social interaction, along with restricted and repetitive patterns of behavior and interests.
whooping cough : Pertussis, also known as whooping cough, is a highly contagious bacterial disease caused by Bordetella pertussis. 
mcdonalds : McDonald's Corporation is the world's largest chain of hamburger fast food restaurants, serving more than 58 million customers daily. 
appendicitis : Appendicitis  a condition characterized by inflammation of the appendix.
lasanga : Lasagna is a very wide, flat pasta . 
the jersey shore : The Jersey Shore is a term used to refer to both the Atlantic coast of New Jersey and the adjacent resort and residential communities.
penn station : Pennsylvania Station  is a label first applied by the Pennsylvania Railroad  to several of its grand passenger terminals.
tufts medical center : Tufts Medical Center  is a medical institution in Boston, Massachusetts occupying space between Chinatown and the Theater District.
tupac shakur : Tupac Amaru Shakur, known by his stage names 2Pac and Makaveli, was an American rapper.
covariance : In probability theory and statistics, covariance is a measure of how much two variables change together. 
birefringence : Birefringence, or double refraction, is the decomposition of a ray of light into two rays when it passes through certain anisotropic materials, such as crystals of calcite or boron nitride.
x-wing : X-wings are fictional starfighters from the original Star Wars trilogy and the expanded universe.
lemma : Query is too ambiguous! I will bring up a Google Search!
genome : In modern molecular biology and genetics, the genome is the entirety of an organism's hereditary information. 
wii u : The Wii U is an upcoming home video game console by Nintendo, and the direct successor to the Wii.
toms shoes : TOMS Shoes is a for-profit company that is based in Santa Monica, California, which also operates a non-profit subsidiary, Friends of TOMS. The company was founded in 2006 by Blake Mycoskie, an entrepreneur from Arlington, Texas.
jack johnson : Jack Hody Johnson is an American folk rock singer-songwriter, surfer and musician known for his work in the soft rock and acoustic genres. 
logan airport : General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport is located in the East Boston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, United States . 
scvngr : SCVNGR is a social location-based gaming platform for mobile phones.
dengue : Dengue fever, also known as breakbone fever, is an infectious tropical disease caused by the dengue virus.
pretty little liars : Pretty Little Liars is a series of young adult novels by Sara Shepard.
